DreamLabNetwork added to Webdeployments (#1108)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Deployment/DreamlabNetwork.md

> # DreamLab Network BTCPay Server web deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DreamLab Network BTCPay Server web deployment.
```

> In this guide, we will talk you through the initial setup of your DreamLab Network BTCPay Server web deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will walk you through the initial setup of your DreamLab Network BTCPay Server web deployment. 
```

> DreamLab offers a variety of services. From domains, Dedicated game servers, VPS servers, and now BTCPay Server as a service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DreamLab offers a variety of services. From domains, dedicated game servers, VPS servers, and now BTCPay Server as a service. 
```

They've built multiple plans and configurations for BTCPay Server, hosted in North America, with expansion to other locations on their premise. 

## 1. Pick the server that fits your needs.

On the DreamLab website, in the top menu, go to `Services` and click on `BTCPay Servers`.

![DreamLab Network signup](../img/Dreamlab/btcpaydreamlab8.jpg "DreamLab Network signup")

> Now you are on the right page to pick a plan suited to your BTCPay Server needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, pick a plan suited to your BTCPay Server needs. 
```

They offer three different plans.  

> * Basic plan 
> * Advanced plan 
> * Shared Hosted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Basic 
* Advanced 
* Shared 
```

They've enlisted what the difference between every plan is, so we won't list those out. 

> That said, we do believe that going with the `Basic plan` should be sufficient for a starting store. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That said, we do believe that going with the `Basic plan` should be sufficient for starting a store. 
```

A Shared host is not something recommended for business purposes. This plan doesn't give you your own VPS. However, you could start a server and get acquainted with the software hosted for you! 

![DreamLab Network Plan](../img/Dreamlab/btcpaydreamlab9.jpg "DreamLab Network plan")

## 2. Configure your BTCPay Server

First, off they show you the basic setup of your node. 
All the technical specs are listed. 

![DreamLab Network techspecs](../img/Dreamlab/btcpaydreamlab11.jpg "DreamLab Network specs")

> Choose the Billing cycle that fits you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the billing cycle that fits you. 
```

> You can set these by 
> 
> * Monthly 
> * quarterly 
> * Semi-Annually 
> * Annually 
> 

Reviewer: Not really relevant imo, let's keep it concise.
```suggestion
```

> Now we really go into the configuration of your server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, configure your server.
```

### Hostname 

This is where you set the domain name. You can leave this as-is and use the generated address or provide it with a domain of your own. 
Don't forget that if you set your domain, you need to create an A record that points to your VPS IP address. 

![DreamLab Network domain](../img/Dreamlab/btcpaydreamlab12.jpg "DreamLab Network domain")

### Configurable Options

> Next up, Configurable options. Here is where we set the BTCPay Server configuration. You get to set how and what you want your node to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next up, `configurable options`. Here is where you set the BTCPay Server configuration. You get to set how and what you want your node to run.
```

* BTCPay Server Mainnet Pruned 6 or 3 months Bitcoin only.
* BTCPay Server Mainnet Pruned 6 or 3 months Bitcoin & Lightning (clightning)
* BTCPay Server Mainnet Pruned 6 or 3 months Bitcoin & Lightning (clightning) & BTCPay Configurator.
* BTCPay Server Testnet Pruned 6 or 3 months Bitcoin only.
* BTCPay Server Testnet Pruned 6 or 3 months Bitcoin & Lightning (clightning)
* BTCPay Server Regnet Pruned 6 or 3 months Bitcoin only.
* BTCPay Server Regnet Pruned 6 or 3 months Bitcoin & Lightning (clightning)

And the CPU is set to AMD. There are no other options as of writing. 

![DreamLab Network setup](../img/Dreamlab/configureserver.png "DreamLab Network setup")

### Addition Information 

Here you have the option to set an operating system. 
This, as of writing, is locked to ubuntu 20.04 x86. 
And for the ISO Disk option, there's none to take. 

> Click Continue to go to the payment page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click `Continue` to go to the payment page. 
```
